.\" Copyright (c) 2002 Stephen Forrest
.\"
.TH deogol 1 "0.1" "2002-September-24" "Deogol Reference"
.SH NAME
deogol \- HTML steganography tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B deogol.pl [-cdes]
[\fB\-f\fR \fIcustom_filter\fR] 
[\fB\--noise\fR]
[\fImessage_file\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Deogol embeds a small message into an HTML container file without increasing
its size or changing the non-tag text of the file.  An HTML container file
produced by Deogol (containing an embedded secret message) will be
indistinguishable by a browser from the original HTML file used to produce it.

The container file is read from stdin.  The message is supplied as a
commandline parameter (see above) and the modified container is written to
stdout.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "\-c,\-\-capacity"
Print the capacity of the container in bytes and exit.
.TP
.B "\-d,\-\-decode"
Decode a message from the container file, and write it to the message file supplied.
.TP
.B "\-e,\-\-encode"
[Default] Read a message from the message file supplied, and encode it in the container file.
.TP
.B "\-f,\-\-filter"
If in encoding mode, run the message through \fIcustom_filter\fR
before encoding.  If in decoding mode, run the extracted message
through \fIcustom_filter\fR after decoding.

Filters must accept input on stdin and write output to stdout, e.g. the -f
option must be used with gzip and gunzip if used as a filter. 

The command \fIcustom_filter\fR may be any valid UNIX command, including
a sequence of piped commands; if a pipe or other character meaningful to the
shell is used, \fIcustom_filter\fR must be quoted.
.TP
.B "\-s,\-\-size"
Print the size of the message in bytes and exit.  Note this is not necessarily
this size of \fImessage file\fR, but the size of the message after any filter
has been run.
.TP
.B "\-\-noise, \-\-random"
Generate random data and fill the container with it.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The Deogol main page, <\fIhttp://wandership.ca/projects/deogol/\fR>. 
.SH AUTHOR
Stephen Forrest <\fIstephen.forrest@gmail.com\fR>.
.fi
